hey whats up youtube um comes you guys
with a quick video on the head i have in
my head it's by Isis the brand name is
Isis and says for more hair for pieces
the narrowness crawlers rapoo deep it
comes in for multi laughs 8 10 12 and 14
and I did it like that April I mean 8 10
12 14 that you can do a short style
all-around style this is the back end
just looks like it came in another
plastic part of course on this is the
front side and in fact and you just
slide it the on 8 and the 10 was on the
side of 12 and 14 was on this side
that's just my my blue on the table 1799
it says you can get a complete style in
one pack be right if they lied let me
tell you I good thing I had some good
let me show you this here i have this
hair like this it was my choco choco
plan from wavy and I'm similar this is
the co little more defined than the
Chuckle here was so I just blended in
and cuz the checkers like this more then
I split on like okay maybe if I spent
like a sieve or whatever but still had
that had to add extra here but um I did
that invisible part you can see up there
mom I made my own closure does not go to
close on my uncle Chet I'm going to make
a video on how to make a closure because
our most people I know how to sew on
this is the back probably meant even
we're gonna cut these little odd pieces
because I I get bored and I want to just
how cuz that's a cat song there's a
visible part it takes time and I
nice and neat almost a say about this
hair I love this year one thing I hate
about this here the second is horrible
you see like if if I'm just raking it
like this like it it's that tangle free
but any hair like I said in my last
video any hair that touches clothes is
gonna cause friction so but so far i
have just did it yesterday so i can't
say anything yet i still do but i just
want to show you all this and I get
still gonna I don't know you I hope you
guys can see that but that's the
shedding and yeah that's basically it
you do a short a little round style this
is a hundred percent in the air oh but
other sorry text message once again I
don't know people also you text me when
them anyway it comes in oh this is a one
then it comes in a one be 044 to one big
point seven one big 31 b 33 1 b 351 be
burgundy 427 430am see all those clothes
when I was abused by school cuz I
probably would it I don't want to be 30
30 30 then went black is cool on how to
get my eyebrows arched and that's about
it let me know what you guys think um
let me know if you use this hip flow do
a video response with my name in the
title I want to see other styles on how
you can do is if you do a visible part
macro Bray straight back a little swoops
no more no but let me know what you guys
think I'm about to go eat my food and
watch some TV and enjoy my Tuesday night
Oh comment rate subscribe thumbs up this
video
that's it how can I ask you guys my next